Get here than we thought we would.
Not there in the Siberian wastelands of West Texas.
Yes, believe it or not.
I have a friend that lives in Newcastle, Virginia, and apparently you've been pretty bad.
It's been raining for two days now, so I'll clear it up.
At least raining is not snowing, huh?
Yeah.
David, do you have a level?
Yeah, pretty good.
Looking good?
Yeah.
Okay, well let's get the road on the show then.
The tape is running now, so whatever you say can be held against you now.
Okay, I want to start out with a statement.
Your science fiction certainly has a novel approach, and on the back of space-time donuts,
it says that the Panchen say that Rucker has busted free of all the linearities and restrictions of modern science fiction.
So what I want to do first of all is explore your science fiction roots a bit.
When did you get interested in science fiction, that sort of thing, and did you write how did it appear?
Well, when I was growing up I read quite a bit of science fiction.
I lived in Louisville, I grew up in Louisville, and my mother used to get me high-end lines, juvenile novels, revolved in 2100s,
or Rolling Stones, The Puppet Masters.
Those books, and I really enjoyed those books.
And then I used to go to the library, they didn't have a great deal of science fiction,
but they had, you know, like, best stories of 1942 or something.
And read that stuff, and then when I got out of high school I started reading it less.
It seemed like, well, I liked Sheckley a lot too, because I was really, really loved Sheckley.
Robert Sheckley.
And then in high school I was, I still read that.
In college I didn't read it so much.
I read some Bonnegut, I always thought,
Science of Titan was a really good science fiction book.
And then I really went away from it for a number of years, because I was more interested in being a beatnik.
You know, like Jack Carrell, William Burroughs, all that kind of stuff.
And then at some point I wanted to start writing Science Fiction again.
I wanted to start writing anything.
And, well, why don't you ask me a question?
How do I go on with the song?
When you did decide to write Science Fiction, and the end result was our first exposure to your white light,
and it did bust free quote unquote of the Science Fiction restrictions,
did you write to bust free of restrictions, or did you just write what came and it just happened to bust free of restrictions?
Well, I always wanted to be an avant-garde writer.
And like Science Fiction is a place where it's easy to write whatever you want to.
Actually the first book I wrote was Spacetime Donuts.
And that I wrote, I think it was in 70, I think it's 77, when I wrote it.
Or perhaps 76, it's under that.
And that I wrote right after seeing the Rolling Stones play live, Buffalo.
I just like really wanted to do something.
I wrote this, I wrote it during the summer, and I was teaching it that time.
It upstate New York.
And there what I wanted to do with that book was make a strong anarchist statement about the way I saw it in that society.
And it was basically sort of late 60s, really, book, even though it was really in mid 70s.
And then with white light, the way I came to write white light was kind of weird.
I wrote Spacetime Donuts and I couldn't sell that anywhere.
And finally On Earth Magazine agreed to serialize it.
And they serialized the first two parts of it and they went out of business.
And at that point I lost my job.
And where I was teaching it upstate New York, they wouldn't give me ten years of business on this.
It was different.
But then I got a grant to go to do mathematics in Germany.
Got a grant from the German government.
Went to Ladoberg, went there for two year, well two year grants there.
And it's from the Fund Homebolls Foundation.
That's why some of my books are dedicated to Fund Homebolls.
And I got over there and to my delight I discovered that the person in charge of my research really didn't care about mathematics either.
And so I just started writing science fiction.
And I spent about three months trying to solve this problem, continuum problem.
I knew a lot about it. It's a very difficult problem.
And then I said, well I'm just going to write a novel about it.
And that's why I came to write White Light that way.
Which it's about different levels of affinity.
And I've always seen, you know, like I want to do one of the busker linearities.
Because I like Patty Smith, you know, I like the wrong stuff.
And I just like to kind of tear down the wall.
And break through to something that's truer.
While we have you in Germany, did the experiences there, or some of the experiences, were those written into your stories, ratings, your cat?
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, that's just about what it was like in Heidelberg.
And since then I've written a novel called The Sex Sphere.
And that's based totally on my experiences in Europe.
At this point I'm still looking for a publisher for that.
But I like to use, generally whatever settings I use it's almost like someplace I've been.
The answer wrote software when I was in Germany.
The first years there I wrote White Light, the second year I wrote software.
And the software I was trying to think different.
Because in a way both Space Time Donuts and White Light are autobiographical.
They're both essentially the main, the hero that's main.
And then I wanted to see if I could do a book where I wasn't in it.
And so software, there's like a young guy who's sort of, you know, based on a guy that I used to hang around with.
A guy younger than me.
And the old guy in there is, can extend based on the form of it.
So I did that.
And then The Sex Sphere, that's back to basically being about me.
My main overall plan is over my life.
I'll do like Jack Kerouac, a whole lot of novels that are basically my life story.
So it transcended autobiography.
Okay, the protagonist in White Light, Felix Raymond.
It struck me that he was basically happiest when he was teaching one of his advanced courses.
And when he was playing with his little girl.
Otherwise he didn't seem all that happy.
Is that, I know that I read that you have three children.
Is that autobiographical?
I do have the three children.
I am happy when I'm playing with them.
I communicate, you know, better, perhaps, with children than with grown-ups.
You know with children you can just, you know, wrap on and do anything.
And they're not going to see why.
One thing that I noticed that in common between the protagonist in White Light and the hero in Shradinger's Cat.
They both, at one time or another, were stuck at, oh shall we say, out of the way colleges.
Oh yeah, that was definitely my experience when I was, this place in upstate New York.
The town called Genesee is near Rochester.
And it was, it was really, you know, like, it was nowhere.
And again I'm stuck in nowhere too.
It's like my fate, you know.
It's like if you can't deal with something it just keeps coming back with you.
Because I could even, if you can't deal with it.
Now I'm here in Lynchburg.
I guess I'll probably try to get a book about Lynchburg too at this point.
Yeah, I have some questions on that at the end.
The thing about, another thing about White Light that struck me, I, I saw it when it came out and I purposely did not buy it
because the packaging led me to believe that it wasn't something I would be interested in.
Then I read a review.
Well yeah, it's very thought-ary packaging.
I was going to ask you what you thought of it.
Well, when I saw it I was surprised.
It just, it amused me.
I thought it was funny.
And well the one thing I got them to put on the cover was, do you want to see God?
I got them to put that on the back.
And I've met people since then that are really into like dream stuff and astral travel.
Like they've read it and very seriously and they're just like, don't understand why the book is sort of not so serious as it should be.
And when I was Jim Bain, he was the editor of the Ace at that time.
And he bought it. I was happy that he bought it.
You know, he gave me good money.
And it was his marketing decision.
He probably thought, well we can sell him more copies if we package it as, you know, something for sort of superstitious foolish people
instead of packaging it as avant-garde literature.
I imagine he's probably right.
This, I mean I take a long view.
I mean these books are going to be out there and soon later they'll find their audience.
This book had more higher mathematics in it than any science fiction book I've ever read.
When I think about it, I don't recall that many science fiction stories that are based on math.
Most of them are Mobius strips or some take off on that.
I did have a lot of math. I wanted them to mention that on the cover, you know.
I said to Bain, I said, well why don't we say this is, it's like, you know, the flat land.
You know that book about the fourth dimension? The Edwin Abbott's flat land.
It was written like in the 1800s.
So I wanted him to say, well you know, this is, it's interesting about mathematics, it's flat land.
This is Rudy, we do that and the book is going straight down the toilet.
Oh, I don't know.
The last two books, Ace, has tried to do a more, somewhat more high tone presentation.
I like that though, that I mean to have your books presented in this low-brow way,
then you can like reach the masses.
Which is really, I mean, like a lot of people read science fiction,
it doesn't have to be presented as like, you know, a New Yorker story.
Although really, you know, I'm trying to get to the same deep.
Do you plan to concentrate on the mathematics as much in subsequent works?
Oh, not necessarily.
Well, for a book I need, I need an idea, you know, an interesting idea.
Something that interest me to explore.
And Infinity was what I was interested in exploring in white light.
And based on donuts, I was interested in a certain idea about the structure of space that I had.
And in software, I was interested in something to do with girdled,
and artificial intelligence.
In the sax sphere, I was interested in something called Hilbert space.
That's an infinite dimensional space.
And I don't know, right now I'm just going to write a book that's pretty,
it's about inertia, I mean it's about a physics idea.
I wouldn't want to like be categorized as somebody who writes about math,
because I'm also interested in physics and philosophy.
But I mean, definitely, I do have like a lot of training, a lot of interest in science.
The first book I published was actually a mathematics book.
It was called Geometry Relativity, the Fourth Dimension.
And that came out in 1977, from Dover.
And that was basically a popular presentation of things in the Fourth Dimension.
And I also have another mathematics book coming out this spring in April.
It's called The Trinity in the Mind.
And that basically, that's going to give you most of the theory that lies behind white money.
And these books don't count on tenure, on your publishing record, huh?
Well, everywhere, I mean I just got fired here as well.
Every place I get a job, they throw me out, because they see me as a dangerous person, a dangerous idea.
And it's annoying, but then I think, well, how cool could I be if these stupid straight-blind people would keep me on?
So after this summer, I'm going to be, I have a teaching job now, here in Lynchburg, I'm going to leave it.
And after this summer, I'll be just writing.
I think I'm going to have enough books coming out so I can live off the writing.
Why do you think you're perceived as dangerous?
Well, because, well, I take important things seriously, and I don't take unimportant things seriously.
You know, I'm interested in the absolute, and I like to freak people out, I guess.
I mean, I don't go out of my way to do it.
I just, I'm just, you know, like the world's worst politician.
Do you think you'd have less trouble, let's say, if you were in a big league school, a faculty on a big league school,
Berkeley, or say, one of the big ten schools, Ivy League, where maybe they're a little more tolerant?
It's possible, but the thing is I can't get in the door there.
Are you interested in math enough?
That's a poor way to put it, okay.
I think we go to math conferences and it just spores, it's very boring to listen to.
I mean, I'm interested in, but only in my own terms.
That's, that's living my whole life in my own terms.
At this point, I'm going to be able to quit and just write, and I don't think I would want to go back.
Are you going to Stan Lynchburg?
At present, we, you know, we've made some friends here, and we've got nice house.
You know, it's not the ideal place. I'd rather be a little bit closer to a big city.
You know, like, but right now, it's, you know, with the three kids and all, I can't go losing in the two years.
So I'm going to be here another year.
It did strike me as ironic when I read that you lived in Lynchburg because that's, I believe the headquarters of CBN,
the Christian Broadcasting Network, with all their worldwide facilities and all.
Well, Jerry Farrow and the moral majority. CBN, actually their headquarters is at Virginia Beach.
But Jerry's here, and so is the moral majority.
Does that actually have quite an influence in the town itself?
Well, when I was going to move here, I was real freaked out about it.
You know, I thought like everybody here is going to be a zombie.
But actually Lynchburg, it's a fairly large community.
I mean, it's, I don't know the exact figure, but it's a pretty big town.
And generally speaking, the people that are supporters of Jerry,
all will live on the other side of town from where I live.
I can't say that I've met, I've lived here two years and I haven't met a single person who doesn't think that he's, you know, I mean,
I haven't met a single person who's a follower of his.
I did go to the church once to check it out. I mean, as a science fiction writer, I definitely used to go check it out.
And it was just like, you know, it's like a TV studio.
I mean, it's just, they all said one prayer, the whole service.
You know what they prayed for? They prayed for five million dollars.
But it really, they haven't bothered me, they haven't affected me.
I mean, there's a lot of people here just, you know, in a sense, he does not anywhere.
He's on the airways. He's not really anywhere.
Okay, back to space time donuts. That was interesting, by the way.
You have a lot of, you have a zippy vocabulary and I think that really adds a lot to your characters.
There's a couple of words I have to know the etymology of and that was the loaches and ZZ74.
I can't help but think there's something hidden behind those.
Okay, well, I'll tell you what a loach is. It's actually, we still have a fish tank.
There's a kind of fish you can get called a loach.
It's a real weird fish because it doesn't have any fins. It's long and just wriggles.
And it's like really sick.
And then also there's the factor that in high school, my wife, she grew up in D.C.
and used to call the police the Roach, like a cop car was the Roach Coach.
So then I thought loach, you know, so that was the loach.
I didn't know I'd just say the pig, you know, so I said the loach.
And ZZ74, this was, Mastiki and Janice, there's a kid I used to, he's a student,
but I used to hang around with one, Diamond Joe.
And he was telling me once with this drug.
I could never really tell if he was putting me on or not.
But it was a drug called ZZ74 that you would take.
And it was just like being dead.
And so, I don't know, just the name of the drug, it seemed so neat.
When he told me this, it was 1974.
And so I kind of just hung on to that name.
I don't know if there really was such a drug.
Of course in the book there isn't because it's like this.
I don't like it.
Okay, as you remarked, this book is very 60-ish.
And the adjective that came to my mind when I read it was Phil Dickie,
as though Philip K. Dick wrote it.
So I have to ask that he have any influence on you, have you read his works?
Well, yeah, I mean, I like Philip Dick a lot.
You know, I generally forget all the famous books I read.
And so, I don't know, there's some things about him that,
like his plots don't usually wrap up too well.
Like, I'm like a good, tight plot.
I mean, he always starts shifting the reality so much.
And it becomes, it's only locally interesting.
There's not enough global structure to me in his books.
No, I mean, he's definitely one of my favorite writers.
I think I try to get a local structure kind of like Dick,
but what I think I can do that he's not always pulling off
is to have more of a global plot.
It puts up a book, you know, makes a package of it, keeps you reading.
My favorite book of his is Scanner Darkly.
Scanner Darkly.
I was reading that in England.
In Germany, I went over to the Seacont.
Right?
And I got hold of it, I was reading it.
It just really was one of the happiest days of my life.
I woke up and it got high with all these English science fiction people.
I had placed white lines with publishers in Virgin here.
It's got Maxim Jakubowski.
He was a record company in England, Virgin Records.
And they were going to start publishing science fiction.
And so I met the guy, Maxim Jakubowski, and he got him to take white lines.
So they published it actually in England before they published it in the U.S.
And just like lying around in this cheap room in a rooming house and reading Scanner Darkly
was really one of the best times I've had.
I would think your books would go over well in England.
They seemed to be a little more receptive to the avant-garde type plots and so forth.
Well, you know, really the sales has been better in the U.S.
Well, Virgin, they made a mistake.
They went to the other extreme from Ace in the way they packaged it.
They put it in a real small type and said it was the cult novel of the 80s, stuff like that.
And they didn't really show as many as they did.
Software seems to me to be the most linear quote-unquote of your three science fiction novels.
And you were exploring robot sentience.
I've never seen robot sentience explored before.
It's generally robot civil rights, something like that.
But again, this was the first.
Or just what it would be like to be a robot?
Yeah, do they have souls, that sort of thing.
Yeah, I think that it's really neat to think about robots.
The great thing is then they change the guys over to the robot and you just notice.
At first, I mean, there's this man, Carb Anderson, they take his software out and program it onto a machine.
And initially he doesn't notice the difference.
There's a big collection by Douglas Hofstetter and Daniel Dennett called The Lion's Eye.
It came out this fall from basic books.
And they have a whole lot of essays about these kinds of questions.
They have a section of software in there.
Which section did they have?
Well, I think they had the first two chapters introducing Carb Anderson.
And then they jumped up to where Ralph Numbis is on the moon and where he gets sat.
And then, you know, Innocence dies.
I would think that a lot of what Hofstetter does would be interesting to you.
Oh yeah, yeah, I've talked to him a couple of times. I really respect what he's done.
I hope my book Infinity and the Mind can do as well as you know.
Good, I should love it.
Well, a mere Pulitzer Prize.
Yeah, well, I'll settle for $210 now.
I don't have to get the prize.
That's even better, isn't it?
Yeah.
All of your writing seems to imply to me that the world has a character of the Everett Wheeler Graham universe.
Yeah, I mean that's something I've always been really into.
I read that stuff a long time ago.
And that there are many universes.
Huh?
Sure, I don't know.
This one universe, it does seem to exist in a very definite stubborn way.
To me, that's one of the really confusing things.
That's one of the problems that I can't understand.
Why it is that if there are many universes, why doesn't it feel so much like we're just in one?
That's actually an aspect of the problem.
It's an ancient problem called the one many problem.
In a way, any problem I've ever been interested in boils down to the one many problem.
How can the world be both one thing and many things?
With your training in math and physics and the obvious reading that you do,
you've got to have a gut feeling about what is reality, that sort of thing.
Do you think that Everett Wheeler Graham model is what describes reality?
It's fun to write about.
Uh huh.
I don't believe as much as I used to though.
In fact, Wheeler himself doesn't believe it very much anymore.
He's written some papers since then.
I don't really think that there are all those other universes really spinning themselves in.
I don't know.
I mean, what I think the world is, it varies from time to time.
I really couldn't tell you what I think.
Let's say you're gainfully employed at a university and you're writing.
How do you juggle your schedule?
Well, there's a lot of time in the summer.
You get a lot of vacations in the summer.
What's generally off?
Well, I'm not really, I mean, before I had the, when I was in Heidelberg for those two years,
I basically had no obligations at all.
There was like just no strength at all.
And there I just wrote like nine to four every day.
And, or well, ten to three, whatever.
And so there was pretty easy.
And now here, I've been working in Lynchburg at Randolph-Macon, Randolph-Macon Women's College.
I teach all girls.
And I teach, well, in the summer I write and I write in the afternoons.
Like, I really like to write.
I'd rather write than anything else.
I mean, within reason.
It's basically, it's just something, some free time I would rather write.
And so I find time for it.
That's the thing, if you really want to write more than anything, then you can always find time for it.
And you don't even have to have like a whole long time to do it.
And you don't even have to feel like writing.
You just, you know, you've got to sit down.
If you have an hour you'll be.
If you write a page, well that's, you know, that's a page that you've got to write.
Do you have girls in your classes that ask what higher order calculus has to do with teaching great school kids how to, how to learn?
I remember that scene from White Light.
Oh, that was more at the other place I taught at Geneseo.
Because there were a lot of people that were being trained to be elementary school teachers.
That's not so much of a factor here.
Yeah, I used to be asked that.
And I don't know.
Well, they would say, well, why should we learn this?
But, you know, why should you learn anything?
I mean, if you get like so materialistic, the only reason to learn anything is to produce machines that make consumer goods.
You know, what about art?
What about literature?
What about mathematics?
What about pure science?
What about everything?
It's just too, I mean, why do we do anything?
We're going to die anyway.
It's just, you know, have some fun.
Your books are liberally peppered with references to rock music.
Some more than others.
With the obvious zappa and the stones.
And then I noticed some oblique references to Country Joe and the stones and the fugs.
Obviously rock music means a great deal to you.
I must have influenced you.
Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
It's, you know, it just always meant so much to me.
Like when I see the stones, I've been to see them three or four times.
I didn't get to see them the same way.
It's like the only time I've ever been in a crowd,
and there was somebody standing in the front of the crowd with a microphone,
that I didn't basically want to shoot.
I mean, that was somebody that I really felt like following.
You know, I mean, I just really, they're just saying what's true and what's good,
and nobody could ever stop them.
It's just so great, you know.
Like there's all the establishment and trying to keep everybody down,
and trying to deny that anybody has an individual consciousness,
or is really aware and having thoughts.
Just, you know, whim, you know, like just play it as loud as you want to,
and everybody digs it and they can't stop.
I think it's, rock music is like the greatest thing.
You said that you had seen the Stones in Buffalo,
and that inspired you to write what became space-time donuts
because you wanted to write an anarchic novel.
Does the music, is it kind of a subliminal message,
or a write hemisphere message, or what, that gets to you,
that makes you want to write like that?
Well, I don't know.
I mean, sometimes I'm writing well, I think it's like good guitar playing.
With this, you have like little surprises in each sense,
and the choice of words that are surprising.
And like tasty, tasty riffs.
Do you feel any pressure being the great, great, great,
how many greats is it, grandson of Hegel?
Well, I think I've done my part, you know, for the absolute.
I really, I'd like to read his stuff, and it's pretty hard to read.
I've read books about him, but the actual books are very hard to read.
But it's my impression that I have somewhat the same ideas about the absolute,
the absolute being, the ultimate thing, the white line.
And I would say, you know, like later people would look back and say,
well, it's pretty much where Hegel would have wanted to write.
It seems like that's the expression there.
Was the white light the title itself, or the concept, the naming of the concept,
was that inspired by the life after life thing where they talked about the...
Well, I've done it all, though.
I never read either one of those books that he put on the cover.
I couldn't believe that.
On the cover of white light, he mentioned like Jonathan Livingston's Seagull,
and life after life.
I mean, that was just unbelievable.
That was a good name.
No, I mean, what white light, that's like in the 60s when,
if you took like a whole lot of LSD, everything would get all white, you know,
and then God would talk to you.
And that was like an experience that usually you would only get it once,
because you'd look out for it the other time.
That's very white light.
One other influence I want to ask you about, because it's mentioned in the book,
is it mentioned you'd talked to Gertle several times.
Was that quite an experience for you to talk to somebody of that stature?
Oh, yeah, I mean, that was...
For me, he was like the ultimate guru that I ever met in my life.
I just, you know...
I was fortunate, you know, I got to see the master at that formative stage in my life.
And again, that tends to be the one time thing.
I mean, at this point, he's dead.
You know, when I'm an old man, maybe somebody will come see me or something,
but I don't expect to meet anybody like that again.
Yeah, he was just...
I wrote an article about him for Science 82.
Science. I guess they'll put it out at that point.
And, Don...
I'll think about Gertle when you talked to him.
When I would talk to him, I'd make up a list of questions I wanted to ask him about all this stuff.
About math and philosophy and physics and stuff.
And I keep it sitting alone in Princeton there,
like for 30 years.
And like 30 years ago, he had proved the heaviest things that anybody had ever done in mathematics.
He'd been like 30 years past that.
He was thinking all the time.
And anything I'd ask him, you know, like he'd already been all the way down the road.
And he would just laugh.
I mean, a lot of when I would talk to him, he'd say a few words and then he'd start laughing.
And I'd start laughing with him.
And like as we would laugh, I would feel like we were communicating.
It was awesome.
I mean, it sounds kind of stupid when I say it like this, but awesome.
It was, you know, like a real feeling of telepathy almost.
Like, you know, anything I would say you totally understand.
It's just really unquestionably the greatest personal effort.
What are your plans now?
You've apparently finished sex fear.
Any concrete ideas on what you're going to do next?
Well, yeah, this year I'm going to need money.
So I'm probably going to try to write a couple novels this year.
I started a story.
I wrote a story called The Bearish Up.
And I sent it to Anaheim.
And then I talked to Stan Schmidt and he said, well, no, you have a good ending.
And then I wrote more and I kind of doubled the length.
And now I think, well, I'll just make it into a novel.
And this is not going to be, this would be more like sort of a software type of,
where I'm not trying to go all out and break the back of the absolute bear of my soul.
Or I could just, you know, write some entertaining science fiction.
And so I may end up, you know, doing some stuff.
I'd like to have like giant leeches invading Lynchburg and stuff like that.
So I'll probably do that.
And I could probably finish that by this summer.
And also I'm working on a book called All the Visions.
And All the Visions.
I want to sort of write down all my memories or all the visions of him.
Write them down.
And perhaps it depends, whatever, making science fiction.
In any case, change it so it's not really true.
But depending, sex here, I have some hope I can sell it mainstream.
I can sell it mainstream.
I'll make all the visions mainstream.
If I can, then I'll make all the visions science fiction.
And after that, I'd like to do a sequel to this software.
Probably call it Hardware.
About where the robots start building the bodies of people as well.
Because to settle some things.
And maybe a science book.
Your first book really hit with a bang.
Because on the second and third books, all they do is talk about the first one.
Would it bother you if that first one was what you were known for
and anything else you wrote after that, people would always compare it to that
or say, well, gee, it never was quite as original or whatever.
Does it do worry about things like that?
Well, sure, yeah.
I don't really get that.
Well, I see myself as writing two screens of books.
I kind of alternate.
I mean, I think the sex sphere is a book like White Line.
It's real big, real heavy.
And two software, that was taking a little more years on that.
And now I'm going to do, I just did a heavy book, now I'm going to take it easy.
And then do a nurse.
Now do all the visions that will be real heavy.
So my feeling is to all make that before.
Well, which one I'll be known for?
I don't know.
You know, each person takes their own favorite.
If, you know, if one book, if people like it enough to look at the others,
they can decide who it's about.
Okay, that's it.
We appreciate the chance to get to talk to you.
Okay, well, that's fun, though.
Yeah, I read the second two because I like the first one and I like them a lot.
And I plan to read them.
Lots of luck and all that good stuff.
I look forward to what's coming out.
You say the article on Gertle is going to be in Science 82?
Yeah, that would be out this summer, so.
Okay, good.
I get it.
And so I'll have to take a look at that.
And I have an anthology of stories out for the A's next winter.
These are your stories?
Yeah.
It'll be called The 57th's Friends' Casket.
Okay, it's been alright.
I enjoyed it.
It's, I guess, part of the residence.
I guess I'm a couple of years younger than you are.
And so it's, you know, it kind of went through the same times.
I can remember some of those times.
And it's quite enjoyable to read it.
Everybody hasn't been co-opted.
Yeah, that's good to hear.
Okay, thanks again and we'll talk to you later then.
Okay, bye-bye.